This is a README that outlines which fcl files are being used by the Production team
for the reconstruction and beyond steps.
It is slowly evolving so we will update this as things progress.

Feel free to amend if you see anything is incorrect.
2012-12-13 gsdavies

recoproductionjob.fcl

This is the 'official' production reconstruction fcl job.
All reco modules to be run are set here. This should be considered the standard.
The version that resides within tag/Utilities/batch is the version that was run for that tag release. Hence if you want a particular version you can grab it from cvs using the tag.

recoproductionjob_ndos.fcl

This is the 'official' production reconstruction fcl job for the NDOS detector.
All reco modules to be run are set here. This should be considered the standard.
The version that resides within tag/Utilities/batch is the version that was run for that tag release. Hence if you want a particular version you can grab it from cvs using the tag.


pidproductionjob.fcl

As above, the 'official' production pid fcl job.
This runs all pids, except LEM at present - this is handled alone because of its complexity. The pid libraries that need to be copied to grid nodes reside in /nova/data/pidlibs/<tag>. This fcl overrides the directory that the pids point to, specifying "./". 

recoproductioncosmicjob.fcl
This only runs 'cosmics' related modules: exposure, calhit, cosmicslicer, cosmictrack, Cana. This is being run on ??

recoproductioncosmicolddatajob.fcl
This is run on NDOS data from t02 (cosmics). It runs several analyzers that then write constants to the database, such as DataCheck and cosmicmetrics. This is used to process data pre-run ????? setting OccupancyThresholds for that period different to default.

recoproductioncosmicdatajob.fcl
This is run on NDOS data from t02 (cosmics). It runs several analyzers that then write constants to the database, such as DataCheck and cosmicmetrics.

recoproductionnumiolddatajob.fcl
This is run on NDOS data from t00 (numi). It includes another module, NuMISpillInfo, that calls the database for numi spill information pertinent to each data subrun. It runs several analyzers that then write constants to the database, such as DataCheck and cosmicmetrics. This is used to process data pre-run ????? setting OccupancyThresholds for that period different to default.

recoproductionnumidatajob.fcl
This is run on NDOS data from t02 (cosmics). It includes another module, NuMISpillInfo, that calls the database for numi spill information pertinent to each data subrun. It runs several analyzers that then write constants to the database, such as DataCheck and cosmicmetrics.

grid_run_caf.sh
Job script for running numusandjob.fcl and cafmakerjob.fcl.
Just need to pass it to jobsub with an input file.

